README.md, before:

## Tidder
Tidder is an open-source Reddit Client built entirely with web technologies,
the project is currently under beta development phase and it's available for
download for Windows, macOS and Linux.

## Building

### Build Requirements

- Node.js 6.x or later
- npm 3.10.x or later
- yarn (optional)

### Building for development

To run the development version of the application localy you can simply run
in a terminal:

```bash
npm run dev
```

This will actually start a local development server on port `3000` by default,
you can change that by simply editing the `PORT` environment variable located
in the `config/dev.env.js` file. This development server is necessary so that
the application's assets are re-compiled and re-sent to the running application
whenever any change is made to app's code. This is called
[Hot Module Replacement](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/hot-module-replacement/),
any changes made to the application's code should reflect in the running app
window.

### Buidling for production

You can generate the application binaries for your specific platform simply
by running:

```bash
npm run build:pack
```

Once finished, you can find the application binary file unde the `release`
directory

### Multi-platform build

Depending on your system, there are a few packages that you need to install
first before you can actually build the application's binaries for other
platforms.

#### macOS

All required system dependencies (except rpm) will be downloaded automatically
on demand on macOS 10.12+ (macOS Sierra). You can install the rpm package with
the [Homebrew package manager](https://brew.sh/) by running the following in a
terminal:

```bash
brew install rpm
```

With that taken care of, you can build the app's binaries for all platforms
by running a single command in the terminal:

```bash
npm run build:pack:multi
```

Once the process is finished, you can find the application's binaries under
the `release` directory.

#### Linux

You can use [Docker](https://www.electron.build/multi-platform-build#docker)
to avoid installing system dependencies.

To build the application in distributable format on Linux, you'll need the
`icnsutils` package:

```bash
sudo apt-get install --no-install-recommends -y icnsutils
```

You'll also need to install the rpm package:

```bash
sudo apt-get install --no-install-recommends -y rpm
```

Replace `apt-get` with your distributions's package manager.

#### Windows

[Docker](https://www.electron.build/multi-platform-build#docker) is recommended
to avoid installing system dependencies, but if you choose not to use Docker,
you'll need to install Wine 2.0+ – see
[WineHQ Binary Packages](https://www.winehq.org/download#binary).

Having the required packages installed, you can simply run the following
command in a command line:

```bash
npm run build:pack:multi
```

## Screenshot

Commit message:

Add app screenshot to README.md

README.md, after:

## Tidder
Tidder is an open-source Reddit Client built entirely with web technologies,
the project is currently under beta development phase and it's available for
download for Windows, macOS and Linux.

If you're interesed, you can also check out the entire design process for this
project on [this GitLab repo](https://gitlab.com/Isidore/tidder-mockup), there
you can find the Sketch project file, icons, fonts and everything that was
used during the design process of this project.

Much of this project is based on an earlier project that I ended up abandoning
in favor of the Tidder app, if you're curious about the evolution of the Tidder
project, you can also take a look at the
[design project](https://gitlab.com/Isidore/reddit-redesign-mockup) and the
actual (kind of) working [code](https://gitlab.com/Isidore/reddit-redesign) of
this earlier concept of the project on my GitLab account.

## Building

### Requirements

- Node.js 6.x or later
- npm 3.10.x or later
- yarn (optional)

### Building for development

To run the development version of the application localy you can simply run
in a terminal:

```bash
npm run dev
```

This will actually start a local development server on port `3000` by default,
you can change that by simply editing the `PORT` environment variable located
in the `config/dev.env.js` file. This development server is necessary so that
the application's assets are re-compiled and re-sent to the running application
whenever any change is made to app's code. This is called
[Hot Module Replacement](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/hot-module-replacement/),
any changes made to the application's code should reflect in the running app
window.

### Buidling for production

You can generate the application binaries for your specific platform simply
by running:

```bash
npm run build:pack
```

Once finished, you can find the application binary file unde the `release`
directory

### Multi-platform build

Depending on your system, there are a few packages that you need to install
first before you can actually build the application's binaries for other
platforms.

#### macOS

All required system dependencies (except rpm) will be downloaded automatically
on demand on macOS 10.12+ (macOS Sierra). You can install the rpm package with
the [Homebrew package manager](https://brew.sh/) by running the following in a
terminal:

```bash
brew install rpm
```

With that taken care of, you can build the app's binaries for all platforms
by running a single command in the terminal:

```bash
npm run build:pack:multi
```

Once the process is finished, you can find the application's binaries under
the `release` directory.

#### Linux

You can use [Docker](https://www.electron.build/multi-platform-build#docker)
to avoid installing system dependencies.

To build the application in distributable format on Linux, you'll need the
`icnsutils` package:

```bash
sudo apt-get install --no-install-recommends -y icnsutils
```

You'll also need to install the rpm package:

```bash
sudo apt-get install --no-install-recommends -y rpm
```

Replace `apt-get` with your distributions's package manager.

#### Windows

[Docker](https://www.electron.build/multi-platform-build#docker) is recommended
to avoid installing system dependencies, but if you choose not to use Docker,
you'll need to install Wine 2.0+ – see
[WineHQ Binary Packages](https://www.winehq.org/download#binary).

Having the required packages installed, you can simply run the following
command in a command line:

```bash
npm run build:pack:multi
```

## Screenshot

![Application Screenshot](/resources/screenshot.png?raw=true)
